March 2024 hackathon sites (#2921)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/hackathon-march-2025/university-of-rio-grande-do-norte.md

---
title: 'Hackathon - March 2025 (Brain Institute, Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte)'

> subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at Brain Institute, Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at Brain Institute, Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil'
```
